'i' is replaced by 'we' (#2660)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: content/learn/javascript-callbacks.en.md

});
```

> This is just a simple 4-levels code, but we've seen much more levels of nesting and it's not fun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is just a simple 4-levels code, but there have been much more levels of nesting and it's not fun.
```

How about using "there've been"?

Author: It doesn't depict that the authors have actually faced/seen the mentioned scenario. My first question after reading that is 'Where have been? It is little unclear, whereas, i think, "we've seen" is actually more strongly presenting the authors argument.
